Add more diagnostics docs (#11)
PumasAI/PumasDocs.jl: docs/src/analysis/diagnostics.md

## The `infer` Function

`infer(fpm::FittedPumasModel)` 

`infer` computes the `vcov` matrix (the covariance matrix of the population parameters) and returns 
a `FittedPumasModelInference` object used for inference based on the fitted model `fpm`. It gives the 
95% confidence intervals and the relative standard errors for the parameter estimates

## The `inspect` Function

`inspect(fpm::FittedPumasModel)`

`inspect` returns a `FittedPumasModelInspection` object with the model predictions, residuals and Empirical Bayes estimates.

## Model Diagnostic Functions

> Model diagnostics are used to check if the model fits the data well. A numberof residual diagnostics are available as well as shrinkage estimators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Model diagnostics are used to check if the model fits the data well. A number of residual diagnostics are available as well as shrinkage estimators.
```
